Add Git Tag Info (#882)
zopencommunity/meta: docs/Guides/GitOnZOS.md

Git on z/OS is a version of Git that has been adapted to work on the IBM mainframe operating system, z/OS. It allows developers to take advantage of Git's powerful version control capabilities while addressing the unique challenges of the mainframe environment. With Git on z/OS, developers can manage their code, collaborate with other developers, and maintain a clear history of the changes that have been made to the codebase.

> You can find more information and download the software on the [Git on z/OS GitHub page](https://github.com/zopencommunity/gitport)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the latest information on Git for z/OS by visiting the [zopen community gitport repo](https://github.com/zopencommunity/gitport)
```
